Add test on search option (#2357)
infiniflow/infinity: docs/references/http_api_reference.mdx

            "age": 16
        }
    ]
    "total_hits_count": 3
}
```

- `"error_code"`: `integer`  
  `0`: The operation succeeds.
- `"total_hits_count"`: `integer`, Optional

>   If user define search option with `"total_hits_count": "true"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Available if you set a search option with `"total_hits_count": "true"`
```
